Port from uyuni 2024.09: fix  xrefs (#3351) (#3353)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/server-intro-uyuni.adoc

= Upgrade the Server

{productname} uses a rolling release versioning schema.

> Check the release notes for information about which upgrade strategy to use to upgrade to the next version.

Author: ```suggestion
Check the release notes for information about the strategy for upgrading to the next version.
```
